Add "Choose the right .NET AI tool" guidance article (#53007)
dotnet/docs: docs/ai/conceptual/medi-library.md

> ---
> title: "The Microsoft.Extensions.DataIngestion library"
> description: "Learn about the Microsoft.Extensions.DataIngestion library, which provides foundational .NET building blocks for data ingestion."
> ms.topic: concept-article
> ms.date: 04/15/2026
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
title: "The Microsoft.Extensions.DataIngestion library"
description: "Learn about the Microsoft.Extensions.DataIngestion library, which provides foundational .NET building blocks for data ingestion."
ms.topic: concept-article
ms.date: 04/15/2026
ai-usage: ai-assisted
---
```
